Add project shields (#670)
typelevel/typelevel.github.com: src/resources.md

# Resources

## Shields for Typelevel Projects

> These standard shiels can be used by affiliate and organization projects for their README and/orsite to advertise their Typelevel association:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These standard shields can be used by affiliate and organization projects for their README and/or website to advertise their Typelevel association:
```
